Hmph, just your top man
Not even a decent suit
Stop bragging to me here
This 2 million a reward for your rescue
Take the money and get out
Never show up again
Otherwise, you will be responsible for the consequences.
Right
Spine cannot be eaten as food
For the sake of saving Mu Yan
I kindly remind you
Chen Erhu has great influence in Fengcheng
There is more support from Xing Tian
Take the money and leave quickly
Otherwise I'm afraid of you
I don't even know how I died
Then I'll tell you.
Chen Erhu doesn't even have the qualifications to carry my shoes
As for the providence that you speak of
He only gives me shoes
It's hard to persuade
Damn ghost
I hope that when they catch you
You can still say such hard words
I can't believe you are so heartless
Do you have something to hide?
I must ask clearly